# Deaf-Friendly-Alarm-Clock
People who suffer from deafness are by no means “impaired” individuals. They work, socialize, and participate in all the activities others do. Yet to do so, they first need to wake up just like everyone else. The deaf-specific alarm clocks currently on the market use rather extreme ways of waking its users. Some produce uncomforting high frequency sound waves, or aggressively vibrate the users pillow, and even provide electric shocks. Our new deaf-friendly alarm will subtly wake users with a subtle, enjoyable lightshow, and a gentle yet concentrated fan breeze to ensure the user wakes peacefully and efficiently without disrupting rem sleep.
The alarm clock is constructed of 512 blue leds in an 8x8x8 formation. With an easy to program interface you can choose what type of light show you wake up too. The product offers various different displays and patterns that will smoothly wake you up. Paired with the captivating LED show will be a small fan that will blow a concentrated stream of air on the user. Over the course of 60 seconds the product will wake the user up calmly and consistently without them feeling jarred at all. These two objects will be connected to a control board where the user will be able to input what time they would like to wake up. The cube will be constructed by soldering 8x8 planes on top of eachother to create a cub. Connected to this LED cube will be a small control board that can be programmed to send electricity to any LED on the cube creating a lightshow.
While we often overlook the significance of alarm clocks in our daily lives, for deaf individuals, this seemingly trivial matter is a real concern. Our project is a simple, yet effective design that solves this problem. Utilizing the primary senses of sight and feeling, our device wakes users without the need of ineffective alarm sounds. Deaf people should not be held back by their inability to wake up to an alarm clock. 
